Blackduck bugfix for project name not uri compliant (#2948)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/blackduck/.changeset/light-deers-shake.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-blackduck-backend': patch
---

> Fixed bug when project name contains special char.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug when the project name contains special characters and also fixed typos in log messages
```

> Fixed wrong message typo.

Reviewer: If you make the above change then we can delete this line. Just formats better in the changelog latter on 👍

---

> '@backstage-community/plugin-blackduck-backend': minor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
'@backstage-community/plugin-blackduck-backend': patch
```
